279 - tabs header variant, content/context, attribute provider iteration (#319)
infor-design/enterprise-wc: src/components/ids-tabs/README.md

</ids-tabs>
```

> Using a tab context auto-updates the active `ids-tab-content`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using a tab context to show the active tab content in `ids-tab-content`.
```

More clear?

## States and Variations (With Code Examples)

> Ids Header

Reviewer: Should we document the header tabs as well as the "updating content"?

Author: yeah this one was just WIP but I got a little sidetracked troubleshooting an uncaught bug on a setter in the button yesterday. Am just going to sort the minor things and then try to add a clear example before removing the WIP label here thanks
